hello everyone welcome to super splash
bash brothers live I'm a plain sucker
for kashif occur he's right here I just
added my ass to me with zero suit samus
like I stuck in that for a little bit
but I tell you what you should go over
to his channel watch that but we're
gonna do some more hair well live and
how you enjoy this game so far cash if
you enjoyed it i love i love it man like
i've been playing this non-stop this is
all I've been playing my in-game clocks
at 20 hours right now so yeah all right
Oprah niche I like it I like it I'm not
as good as it isn't it's not as good as
it sounds yeah I will Shull to my second
character as well so although he is very
quickly becoming one of my favorites to
tell you what i tell you i like the
count of characters so yeah i know it is
one of them as well this boat ready oh
that's my count a bitch all right you
both Santa doing just now
Oh commentary so this mummy is coming oh
god damn it yet Greenidge is a Down a is
pretty good as well it's the Rose we
have links why just pretty well oh yeah
oh I try to throw you that and I'm
running down here it out OOP aah oh God
schuldt can pull off some pretty cool
combos if you know how to use them like
play that with that oh yeah I'm trying
to do this then oh it all right I
see where you're coming from all right
bye hey you eat you you left your
substitute behind I meant to do that
acha damn oh well done well done sir
good good job Oh God didn't haha not
enough not enough to recover it's
alright alright we're back we're back
kind of square here so that'll do ah
whoa I'm so going two can play that game
yeah my friends been playing a bit of
green danger as well like it's the one
newcomer that he really likes and we had
we had a lot of short greninja games so
I've been aware of this man's slighty
sneaky powers for a while then they are
annoying Oh
I'm really are not using Schalke's like
arts a lot like his be stuff because I
don't really know what any of them do
yet I mean this was like a higher job
but like a lot of them a lot of them I
dog really I'm not only our computer oh
all right Shannon doing oh whoa whoa God
short short priority on his counter is
insane No gg-good sucks oh yeah I change
my taunted Nick sucks i was playing Nick
last night so I um god no I knew it too
obvious I kept going for it though and
then lo GG oh my god be busy drinking
man worry do that okay all right there
we go hey if you want to see more of
this go to CASIA channel will be in the
description and we'll do some more of
this so stick around I